{
  "BUSINESS": [
    "What daily problems do people face that no one is solving efficiently yet?",
    "How can I turn my personal frustrations into a profitable business idea?",
    "Which traditional industries are still operating offline that can be digitized?",
    "What new habits among Gen Z and Millennials can inspire new products?",
    "How can AI automation create new micro-business opportunities for individuals?",
    "What small services can I provide that save people time or reduce stress daily?",
    "Which markets are undervalued today but will boom in the next 3–5 years?",
    "What are people willing to pay for convenience, and how can I deliver that?",
    "How can I mix two successful ideas from different industries to create something new?",
    "What kind of local problems can be solved with a simple app or digital tool?",
    "How can I build a brand that people emotionally connect with, not just buy from?",
    "What’s one process I can automate to save 50% of my business time every week?",
    "Which marketing channels will be most effective in 2026 and beyond?",
    "How can I turn one-time buyers into loyal repeat customers?",
    "What collaborations could instantly 10x my brand visibility?",
    "What is one area where my competitors are lazy — and I can outperform them?",
    "How can I use storytelling to increase trust in my business?",
    "What content can position my brand as a 'category leader' in the next 6 months?",
    "How can I scale without losing product quality or customer satisfaction?",
    "What metrics should I track weekly to predict business success early?",
    "What type of businesses will grow fastest with AI, AR, or automation?",
    "How can sustainability and eco-friendly solutions become profitable models?",
    "Which human skills will remain most valuable in an AI-driven economy?",
    "How can I create a business that combines digital products and physical experiences?",
    "What are the future 'gold rush' industries of 2025–2030?",
    "How can creators and solopreneurs monetize without relying on big platforms?",
    "What role will personalization and data play in customer experience by 2030?",
    "How can I prepare my business for Web3 and decentralized opportunities?",
    "Which small niches today can become billion-dollar markets in the next decade?",
    "How will automation change how small businesses operate and compete globally?",
    "Imagine you are an entrepreneur exploring future opportunities. List 5 unique business ideas that solve urgent problems people face daily. Consider upcoming technology trends, generational behavior shifts, and areas where competitors are weak. Explain why each idea is profitable, scalable, and future-proof. Include suggestions for minimal investment testing and how AI or automation could enhance each idea. Provide actionable next steps for starting small while validating the market.",
    "You are designing a startup in a rapidly growing niche. Identify 3 high-demand customer pain points that are currently underserved. For each, outline how you would validate demand with small tests, design a solution that is simple yet valuable, and ensure long-term scalability. Discuss potential revenue streams, initial marketing strategies, and how technology or AI could reduce operational costs. Include methods to measure early traction and customer satisfaction effectively.",
    "Think about industries still operating mostly offline. Choose one and propose a digital transformation idea. Describe the target audience, main features of the solution, and how it solves existing inefficiencies. Suggest ways to leverage AI, automation, or online marketplaces for faster adoption. Explain potential revenue models and scalability options. Provide a roadmap for MVP creation, testing, and iterative improvement while minimizing financial risk in the early stage.",
    "As an investor, you are looking for micro-business opportunities that require minimal resources but can grow quickly. Identify 3 such opportunities, explaining why they are low-cost yet high-potential. Include strategies for testing the market cheaply, automating routine tasks, and creating repeatable income streams. Discuss how emerging trends, social media, and AI tools can accelerate growth. Suggest measurable metrics for early success evaluation and ways to pivot if needed.",
    "You are creating a brand that connects emotionally with customers. Identify 3 ways your business can build trust and loyalty from day one. Include ideas for storytelling, consistent branding, and creating memorable experiences. Explain how digital tools, AI personalization, and social media engagement can strengthen the connection. Discuss how to measure emotional resonance, track engagement metrics, and adjust strategies based on customer feedback. Provide actionable steps to start building a loyal audience immediately."
  ],
  "MARKETING": [
    "What emotion should my ad trigger in the first 3 seconds to stop scrolling?",
    "How can I design an ad that tells a story, not just sells a product?",
    "Which platform gives me the lowest CPM for my target audience?",
    "How can I test 3 different hooks quickly to find the most viral one?",
    "What kind of content format performs best for my niche?",
    "How can I use AI tools to write, design, and test 10 ad variations in one day?",
    "What are the top pain points my ad should highlight to trigger instant engagement?",
    "How can I retarget users who watched 50% of my video but didn’t buy?",
    "What offer or CTA can make my ad irresistible without discounting the price?",
    "How can I track emotional response (not just clicks) from my audience?",
    "How can I find creators with high engagement but under 50k followers?",
    "What’s a creative way to collaborate with micro-creators beyond shout-outs?",
    "How can I turn influencers into long-term brand partners instead of one-time posts?",
    "How can I measure real ROI from influencer campaigns (not just likes)?",
    "What incentives attract creators more than cash?",
    "How can I repurpose influencer content into ads, emails, and website testimonials?",
    "What kind of influencer storytelling connects emotionally with my ideal buyer?",
    "How can I build a micro-creator community that promotes my brand monthly?",
    "What’s one creative influencer campaign that could go viral in 2026?",
    "What are the best free tools to spy on competitor ads?",
    "How can I use Meta Ads Library or TikTok Creative Center to study top creatives?",
    "What Chrome extensions can help me track influencer performance or ad spend?",
    "How can I combine Google Trends, Similarweb, and Reddit to find content gaps?",
    "Which AI tools can write, design, and analyze ads faster than traditional agencies?",
    "What analytics tools show which audience segments are converting best?",
    "How can I use Notion or Airtable to track influencer collaborations easily?",
    "What are the top underrated tools for marketing automation in 2025?",
    "How can I build my own mini 'Ad Library' for best hooks and creatives?",
    "What are future marketing trends that small brands can leverage early?",
    "How can storytelling and humor increase CTR in short-form ads?",
    "You are designing a social media ad campaign for a new product launch. Identify the core emotion your target audience feels and craft a story-driven ad concept that captures attention in the first 3 seconds. Include ideas for visuals, copy, and call-to-action that encourage engagement. Suggest multiple formats (video, carousel, reel) for A/B testing. Explain how you will track performance metrics, iterate based on data, and optimize conversions while keeping brand tone consistent across all platforms.",
    "Imagine you are managing an influencer marketing campaign. Select 5 micro-creators whose audience aligns with your niche and propose collaboration strategies beyond simple posts. Include ideas for storytelling, product demonstrations, or interactive challenges. Explain how you will measure engagement, track ROI, and ensure the partnership builds long-term brand loyalty. Suggest ways to repurpose influencer content for ads, emails, or social media while maintaining authenticity and maximizing reach without appearing overly promotional.",
    "You are researching competitor ads for a new product. Identify 3 top-performing campaigns and break down their creative elements: visuals, copy, hook, and call-to-action. Suggest ways to differentiate your ads while keeping what resonates with your audience. Include ideas for testing multiple variations quickly and measuring emotional response, engagement, and conversion. Explain how AI tools or analytics platforms can speed up research, track trends, and help you generate actionable insights for creating more effective campaigns that outperform competitors.",
    "You are planning a micro-creator strategy for organic brand growth. Identify niches where small creators have high engagement but limited reach. Propose ways to collaborate creatively, such as co-creating tutorials, challenges, or giveaways. Explain how to structure incentives (exclusive access, affiliate commissions, or recognition) to motivate creators. Include methods for tracking conversions and ROI, repurposing content for multiple channels, and scaling successful collaborations. Provide actionable steps to build a sustainable, long-term creator community.",
    "You want to optimize ad campaigns using AI tools. Describe 3 ways AI can improve ad performance, such as generating multiple copy variants, predicting CTR, or suggesting optimal audiences. Include how to integrate AI insights with manual creativity to maintain brand voice. Suggest testing frameworks for different formats and channels. Explain how to measure success using engagement, conversion, and retention metrics. Provide step-by-step ideas to implement AI-driven optimization in daily marketing workflows without replacing human intuition."
  ],
  "IMAGE_GENERATION": [
    "How can I create a tool where users upload a product image and instantly get multiple background variations?",
    "What AI model can automatically detect product edges and replace backgrounds?",
    "How can I ensure background lighting matches the original product tone?",
    "What lifestyle backgrounds increase product sales the most?",
    "How can I let users preview multiple scene styles in one click?",
    "How can I maintain color accuracy even when lighting changes?",
    "What’s the best way to auto-generate product shadows or reflections for realism?",
    "How can users upload selfies and see products auto-applied?",
    "What kind of AI prompt gives perfect product focus and stylish backgrounds?",
    "How can I integrate brand color themes into AI-generated backgrounds?",
    "How can AI-generated backgrounds improve brand identity across social media?",
    "What prompts create ad-ready lifestyle images without photoshoots?",
    "How can I generate 5 ad image variants from one photo for A/B testing?",
    "What kind of background themes make luxury products feel premium?",
    "How can AI match background mood with brand tone automatically?",
    "How can I use image generation to keep a consistent aesthetic across campaigns?",
    "What style (flat lay, 3D render, lifestyle) converts best for each product type?",
    "How can I create a before-after ad image using AI?",
    "What visual hooks make users stop scrolling in 2 seconds?",
    "How can AI visuals be optimized for ads and e-commerce thumbnails?",
    "What AI tools allow product photo upload and instant enhancement?",
    "Which models preserve texture and color accuracy best?",
    "How can I integrate smart background suggestions in AI apps?",
    "How can AI detect and auto-crop the main product perfectly?",
    "What prompt structure gives commercial-quality product photos?",
    "How can I generate banners with branding and logo placement automatically?",
    "How can AI create product variation previews (colors, patterns, designs)?",
    "What are future trends in AI-generated product photography?",
    "How can background themes reflect mood (luxury, casual, tech, etc.)?",
    "How can AI personalize visuals for each user’s preference or location?",
    "You are building an AI-powered tool where users upload a product image and get multiple professional background variations automatically. Describe how the AI should detect edges, preserve product colors, and create realistic lighting for each background. Include ideas for lifestyle, minimalistic, and luxury scenes without affecting the product’s integrity. Explain how the tool could allow users to preview and select the best option, generate shadows and reflections for realism, and maintain consistent brand aesthetics across all outputs.",
    "Imagine a platform where users upload selfies and see products like jewelry, glasses, or clothing applied automatically. Describe the AI workflow: detecting facial features or body parts, placing the product accurately, and generating high-quality, realistic outputs. Include suggestions for multiple angles, variations, and optional background themes. Explain how to preserve natural skin tones, maintain product details, and provide users with instant previews. Suggest ways AI can learn user preferences to improve personalization over time.",
    "You want to create ad-ready product images from a single photo. Explain how AI can generate five variations with different lighting, backgrounds, and themes while maintaining consistent color and style. Include ideas for lifestyle, studio, and outdoor settings suitable for social media campaigns. Describe how AI can suggest optimal composition, add realistic shadows, and generate subtle reflections. Suggest ways to test which variant drives engagement and conversions for marketing purposes while keeping the product as the central focus.",
    "You are designing an AI tool for brands to maintain visual consistency across campaigns. Describe how the system can take a single product image and generate multiple visuals with varied backgrounds, lighting styles, and moods aligned to brand identity. Include ideas for automated logo placement, color theme adjustments, and style suggestions. Explain how AI could recommend which variations work best for social media, e-commerce, and ad campaigns. Suggest actionable steps for users to export high-resolution outputs ready for marketing or publishing.",
    "Imagine a future-ready AI image generator that creates high-quality product variations with minimal input. Explain how the AI could intelligently apply background changes, maintain color fidelity, and simulate realistic textures. Include suggestions for automatically creating lifestyle scenes, highlighting product features, and producing A/B testing variants. Describe methods for ensuring brand consistency and visual appeal across all outputs. Provide guidance for integrating user feedback loops to continuously improve image quality, personalization, and effectiveness in driving engagement and conversions."
  ],
  "SKILL_DEVELOPMENT": [
    "What skills will be most in-demand in the next 5 years?",
    "How can I find a skill that matches my passion and earning potential?",
    "What’s one small skill I can learn today that compounds into advantage?",
    "How can I identify my strengths and turn them into high-income skills?",
    "What kind of skills are hard to automate and always need humans?",
    "How can I analyze market trends to choose a future-proof skill?",
    "What mix of soft and technical skills makes someone unstoppable?",
    "How can I balance learning multiple skills without burnout?",
    "Which skill gaps limit my growth — and how can I close them fast?",
    "What combination of skills could make me unique in my field?",
    "How can I design a 30-minute routine that guarantees progress?",
    "How can I go from beginner → intermediate → expert faster?",
    "What kind of practice gives real-world results instead of theory?",
    "How can I create projects that apply my learning practically?",
    "How can feedback speed up my mastery process?",
    "How can I track and measure my progress weekly?",
    "How can I use AI tutors to personalize my learning path?",
    "What’s one way to learn deeply with limited time?",
    "How can I stay motivated during slow progress phases?",
    "How can I turn my skill into a product or service?",
    "What platforms are best for showcasing my skills online?",
    "How can I build a personal brand around my top 2 skills?",
    "What are the top emerging AI-related skills in 2025?",
    "How can I make lifelong learning a natural habit?",
    "What’s the mindset difference between fast and slow learners?",
    "How can I future-proof my career against AI disruption?",
    "How can I monetize skills ethically while adding value?",
    "What’s one futuristic skill no one focuses on yet?",
    "How can gamification make learning fun and consistent?",
    "What daily micro-habit improves skill mastery exponentially?",
    "Imagine you want to learn a high-demand skill that ensures long-term career growth. Identify 3 emerging skills in your industry and explain why they are future-proof. Include strategies for breaking down learning into manageable daily exercises, leveraging online courses, mentorship, or AI tools. Suggest ways to practice skills in real-world projects, track progress with measurable goals, and maintain motivation. Provide actionable tips for turning learning into practical experience while avoiding burnout and keeping skill development consistent.",
    "You want to design a 30-day skill mastery plan. Choose one skill and outline step-by-step daily actions, including exercises, reading, practical projects, and reflection. Explain how AI or apps can provide feedback and enhance learning speed. Suggest ways to measure proficiency improvement weekly and adjust the plan based on results. Include methods to integrate small practice sessions into your existing schedule without disruption. Provide motivational techniques to ensure consistency and overcome procrastination during this skill-building month.",
    "Imagine you are identifying your strongest existing skills to turn into high-income opportunities. Describe how to audit your abilities, categorize strengths, and discover gaps. Suggest strategies for improving weaknesses while maximizing natural talents. Explain how AI tools, online communities, or micro-projects can help validate your skills in real-world applications. Include methods for showcasing your abilities online, building a portfolio, and networking to attract potential clients or employers. Provide actionable steps to monetize the skill effectively.",
    "You want to create a skill learning system that combines soft and technical abilities. Identify 3 complementary skills that together enhance professional versatility. Explain daily exercises, real-world application methods, and reflection techniques to reinforce mastery. Suggest tools, AI-based feedback, or mentorship options for faster growth. Include strategies to measure progress, maintain consistency, and integrate these skills into your career path. Provide steps to gradually increase complexity while ensuring measurable improvements and tangible outcomes.",
    "Imagine designing a personalized learning roadmap for a new skill. Describe how to break the skill into micro-modules with achievable milestones. Suggest using AI, apps, or online platforms for adaptive learning, practice drills, and feedback. Include ways to test the skill in practical scenarios and track performance over time. Explain how reflection, journaling, or peer review can accelerate mastery. Provide actionable strategies to maintain motivation, handle setbacks, and consistently improve until achieving a professional level of expertise."
  ],
  "CONTENT_CREATION": [
    "What problems do my audience face daily that no one is solving?",
    "How can I find unique angles for saturated topics?",
    "What content makes my audience say 'That’s so me!'?",
    "How can I turn trending news into long-lasting content?",
    "What questions do followers secretly want answered?",
    "How can I make boring topics entertaining and viral?",
    "Which format (video, carousel, tweet) fits each message best?",
    "How can I combine storytelling + value to make content stick?",
    "Which emotions perform best in my niche?",
    "How can I use free tools to find viral hooks?",
    "How can I create an irresistible 3-second hook?",
    "How can I structure my content using Hook → Story → Offer?",
    "What visuals increase retention and watch time?",
    "How can I make my captions sound human and engaging?",
    "How can I use AI to generate scripts in my tone?",
    "How can I repurpose 1 video into multiple posts?",
    "What audio trends or effects can boost reach?",
    "How can I make educational content viral?",
    "How can I make my audience feel personally connected?",
    "What content encourages shares and saves the most?",
    "How can I post consistently without losing creativity?",
    "How can analytics guide my content strategy?",
    "How can collaborations speed up my organic growth?",
    "What’s one way to convert followers into loyal fans?",
    "How can I turn my content into a digital product?",
    "How can I sell using storytelling instead of pushing?",
    "What backend systems convert content into income?",
    "How can AI identify my highest converting content type?",
    "What recurring revenue models suit creators best?",
    "What will the next content revolution (AI avatars, personalization) look like?",
    "Imagine you are creating content for a niche audience. Identify 3 common problems or questions your audience has and create content that addresses them in a unique, engaging way. Suggest formats like video, blog, carousel, or newsletter. Include storytelling techniques, hooks, and actionable tips. Explain how to repurpose content across platforms and measure engagement metrics. Provide guidance on using AI tools for drafting, editing, and optimizing content while maintaining your authentic voice and visual style.",
    "You are planning a content series to boost engagement on social media. Identify 5 topics that align with audience interests and upcoming trends. Suggest ideas for attention-grabbing hooks, interactive elements like polls or quizzes, and emotional storytelling. Explain how to structure each post or video to maximize retention and shares. Include tips on repurposing content for blogs, emails, or other platforms. Provide actionable steps for tracking performance, iterating content, and maintaining a consistent posting schedule that grows your audience.",
    "Imagine creating content to establish yourself as a thought leader. Identify key industry insights, emerging trends, or unique perspectives to share. Explain how to research, verify, and present these ideas compellingly. Suggest formats such as LinkedIn articles, YouTube videos, or podcasts. Include strategies for integrating visuals, examples, or case studies that make complex topics understandable. Provide actionable steps for promoting content organically, engaging with your audience, and measuring impact while maintaining credibility and authority in your niche.",
    "You want to generate content that goes viral organically. Identify trending topics in your niche and analyze why similar content performs well. Suggest hooks, storytelling techniques, and emotional triggers for maximum engagement. Include ideas for repurposing content across platforms, using AI for captions, scripts, and visuals. Explain how to test multiple variations, track retention and shares, and iterate quickly. Provide actionable strategies for creating content consistently while keeping originality, relevance, and audience connection at the forefront.",
    "Imagine designing a content creation system for maximum efficiency. Break down the process from idea generation, research, scripting, creation, and publishing. Suggest tools, AI assistants, or templates to speed up workflow without sacrificing quality. Include tips for scheduling, cross-posting, and repurposing content effectively. Explain how to track performance metrics, audience engagement, and conversion rates. Provide actionable steps for continuous improvement, ensuring content remains relevant, engaging, and aligned with overall brand goals."
  ],
  "PRODUCTIVITY_BOOST": [
    "How can I focus on high-impact tasks instead of busy work?",
    "What 3 tasks daily will move me closer to my goals?",
    "How can I beat procrastination using the 2-Minute Rule?",
    "How can I batch similar tasks to save mental energy?",
    "What time of day am I most productive, and how to use it?",
    "How can I create deep work sessions for faster results?",
    "What distractions waste my time most — and how to eliminate them?",
    "How can I automate repetitive tasks to free up hours?",
    "What AI tools can handle my emails, notes, and scheduling?",
    "How can I keep my tasks organized automatically?",
    "What systems help track habits, deadlines, and projects?",
    "How can I manage my energy, not just my time?",
    "How can I build a reset routine to refocus instantly?",
    "What kind of workspace boosts my focus and creativity?",
    "How can I stay disciplined even without motivation?",
    "What habits are silently lowering my productivity?",
    "How can I turn breaks into recharge sessions, not distractions?",
    "What reflection system helps me find my best routines?",
    "How can I apply the 1% rule for daily improvement?",
    "How can I use journaling to boost clarity and focus?",
    "How can I use AI to summarize meetings into action steps?",
    "What metrics define my actual productivity vs busyness?",
    "How can I build a morning ritual that triggers focus?",
    "What evening routine ensures tomorrow’s productivity?",
    "How can I track weekly growth visually?",
    "How can I use Notion or Airtable to manage my goals?",
    "What are the top productivity tools for 2025?",
    "How can I protect my focus from digital distractions?",
    "What’s one mindset shift that could 10x my output?",
    "How can I make consistency my superpower for life?",
    "Imagine you want to maximize daily output without burning out. Identify your peak energy hours and design a schedule that prioritizes high-impact tasks during these periods. Include techniques like time-blocking, Pomodoro sessions, and batching similar tasks. Suggest ways to minimize distractions, automate repetitive tasks using AI or productivity apps, and track progress visually. Provide actionable steps to maintain consistent focus, measure productivity accurately, and adjust routines to ensure sustainable efficiency while preserving mental clarity and work-life balance.",
    "You want to build a habit system that ensures daily productivity. Identify 3 key habits to develop over the next month, including morning routines, focus sessions, and reflection practices. Explain how to track these habits, measure progress, and maintain accountability. Include tips for overcoming procrastination, handling low-energy days, and leveraging AI tools to optimize workflows. Provide actionable strategies for integrating these habits seamlessly into your schedule, ensuring consistent improvements in focus, output, and long-term performance.",
    "Imagine designing a productivity toolkit for remote work. Identify essential apps, AI tools, and workflows that enhance focus, communication, and task management. Suggest ways to automate repetitive tasks, consolidate information, and maintain organized project boards. Include strategies for managing energy, preventing burnout, and tracking measurable results daily. Provide actionable steps for evaluating tool effectiveness, iterating on processes, and maintaining a consistent routine that maximizes productivity, creativity, and work quality while reducing unnecessary cognitive load and distractions.",
    "You want to optimize meetings and communication for efficiency. Analyze current workflows and identify time-wasting patterns. Suggest actionable methods for preparing agendas, delegating tasks, and using AI to summarize notes or automate follow-ups. Include strategies for minimizing unnecessary meetings, clarifying responsibilities, and tracking outcomes. Explain how to maintain team focus and accountability while maximizing output. Provide steps for creating repeatable systems that improve collaboration, reduce distractions, and ensure every hour spent in communication contributes meaningfully to productivity goals.",
    "Imagine creating a personal growth system that combines productivity and learning. Identify 3 daily activities that boost focus, skill development, and energy management. Include methods for prioritizing tasks, reflecting on accomplishments, and adjusting routines based on weekly performance. Suggest AI tools for tracking progress, managing projects, and summarizing insights. Provide actionable steps to maintain consistency, prevent burnout, and continuously improve efficiency. Explain how to create a balance between deep work, rest, and skill-building for sustainable productivity gains."
  ]
}